lib: modem_slm: Rename "wakeup" config and API to "power pin" (#21232)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Deprecated the :c:func:`modem_info_type_get` function in favor of the :c:func:`modem_info_data_type_get` function.

* :ref:`lib_modem_slm` library:

  * Updated:

>     * By renaming the ``CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_WAKEUP_PIN`` and ``CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_WAKEUP_TIME`` Kconfig options to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * By renaming the ``CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_WAKEUP_PIN`` and ``CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_WAKEUP_TIME` Kconfig options to
```

Reviewer: Oh yes, here it is double quotes, my bad. I meant to fix the other instance.

>     * Renamed the ``CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_WAKEUP_PIN`` and the ``CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_WAKEUP_TIME`` Kconfig options to
>       the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_POWER_PIN`` and the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_POWER_PIN_TIME` Kconfig options, respectively.
>     * Renamed the :c:func:`modem_slm_wake_up` function to the :c:func:`modem_slm_powerpin_toggle` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * By renaming the ``CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_WAKEUP_PIN`` and ``CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_WAKEUP_TIME`` Kconfig options to  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_POWER_PIN`` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_SLM_POWER_PIN_TIME`, respectively.
    * By renaming the :c:func:`modem_slm_wake_up` function to :c:func:`modem_slm_powerpin_toggle`.
```
